Update documentation on experiments and A/B tests (#205)
humanmade/altis-analytics: docs/optimization-framework/ab-testing.md

```php
add_action( 'init', function () {
	// Add support for title A/B tests to the 'events' post type.
	add_post_type_support( 'events', 'altis.experiments.titles' );

	// Add support for featured image A/B tests to the 'events' post type.
	add_post_type_support( 'events', 'altis.experiments.featured_images' );
} );
```

Note that in order for the test to function correctly, it needs WordPress to output the `<ab-test></ab-test>` Web Component (generated by the `output_ab_test_html_for_post()` function) that includes all the variations of the feature representation, so the front-end would be able to switch to the proper variation to serve to the visitor. As such, the built-in features will only work if the native WordPress functions are used, which are `the_title()` or `get_the_title()` for post title and `the_post_thumbnail()` or `get_the_post_thumbnail()` for featured image.

## Creating Custom Tests

There is a programmatic API to register A/B tests for posts:

**`Altis\Analytics\Experiments\register_post_ab_test( string $test_id, array $options )`**

Sets up the test.

- `$test_id`: A unique ID for the test.
- `$options`: Configuration options for the test.

>   - `label <string>`: A human readable label for the test.

Reviewer: Did we add another item here? `singular_label`? Should probably add those to example further down too

Author: Yeah, I even missed adding `label` to the examples, will do once we rewrite them as asked. Added to the function doc for now.

# A/B Tests

> A/B Tests provides the tools to carry out randomized experiments using different variations of content features, eg: titles and featured images, and/or different variations of content blocks.

Reviewer: Not sure on the use of the word randomized just here, to me it read like the experiment was random, rather than the assignment of users to different variants for example.
```suggestion
A/B Tests provides the tools to carry out experiments using different variations of content features, eg: titles and featured images, and/or different variations of content blocks.
```

> Altis provides an A/B Test Block, which you can use to test different variations of a block / set of blocks. And also a developer friendly framework to test different content features like Title and Featured Images, which can typically be controlled from the Block Editor sidebar.

Reviewer: Should never really start a sentence with "And", plus I think we can add a bit of detail e.g.:
```suggestion
Altis provides an A/B Test Block, which you can use to test different variations of a block or set of blocks in your content, widgets and layouts. There is also a developer friendly framework to add new custom tests that is used to power built in features like Title and Featured Image tests which can be controlled from the Block Editor sidebar.
```

}
```

> Within the post edit screen click on the A/B icon to access the Experiments panel. Here you can set the alternative titles and/or alternative featured images, the amount of traffic to show the tests to as well as start and end dates.

Reviewer: Think we go a bit more generic perhaps to avoid having to edit lots of it in future.
```suggestion
Within the post edit screen click on the A/B icon to access the Experiments panel. Here you can set up the variants for your tests, the amount of traffic to show the tests to as well as start and end dates.
```

Once you are ready to run the test click on the toggle to unpause it. Results are updated every hour until a statistically significant winner is found.

![A/B Testing Titles user interface](../assets/ab-tests-titles.png)

> By default post title and featured image A/B tests are enabled for Posts and Pages however custom post types can be supported using the `altis.experiments.titles` key either when registering the post type or in the `init` action, for example:
> 
> ```php
> add_action( 'init', function () {
> 	add_post_type_support( 'events', 'altis.experiments.titles' );
> 	// and/or..
> 	add_post_type_support( 'events', 'altis.experiments.featured_images' );

Reviewer: Minor nitpick but I try to avoid using a slash like this in the public facing docs, plus "and/or" is saying "and or or"
```suggestion
By default post title and featured image A/B tests are enabled for Posts and Pages however custom post types can be supported using keys shown in the example below, either when registering the post type or on the `init` action, for example:

```php
add_action( 'init', function () {
	// Add support for title A/B tests to the 'events' post type.
	add_post_type_support( 'events', 'altis.experiments.titles' );

	// Add support for featured image A/B tests to the 'events' post type.
	add_post_type_support( 'events', 'altis.experiments.featured_images' );
```
```

} );
```

> Note that in order for the test to function correctly, it needs WordPress to output the `<ab-test></ab-test>` Web Component that includes all the variations of the feature representation, so the front-end would be able to switch to the proper variation to serve to the visitor. And such, the built-in features will only work if the native functions are used, which are `the_title` / `get_the_title` (for post title) and `the_post_thumbnail` / `get_the_post_thumbnail` (for featured image).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in order for the test to function correctly, it needs WordPress to output the `<ab-test></ab-test>` Web Component (generated by the `output_ab_test_html_for_post()` function) that includes all the variations of the feature representation, so the front-end would be able to switch to the proper variation to serve to the visitor. As such, the built-in features will only work if the native WordPress functions are used, which are `the_title()` or `get_the_title()` for post title and `the_post_thumbnail()` or `get_the_post_thumbnail()` for featured image.
```

Reviewer: This also makes me think we should document the web components too like we have here currently for personalization https://docs.altis-dxp.com/v8/analytics/native/experience-blocks/#personalization

So something like "it needs WordPress to output the `<ab-test></ab-test>` or `<ab-test-block></ab-test-block>` Web Component". Then perhaps to link to a separate sub page or just document them inline.

For reference `<ab-test>` is designed for inline content and has no impact on the layout or styling of the site. `<ab-test-block>` is for block level content and will output the content in a wrapper with the default CSS `display: block`.

Author: I had started to document the `<ab-test/>` component with a headless use case, but stopped mid-way realizing that I don't really know how it works yet 😅 and that there is quite a bit to document rather than just the block. So I'd probably exclude that as a goal from the update here. A new issue would be a bit more efficient.

- `$default_content`: The default content for the control test.
- `$args`: An optional array of data to pass through to `variant_callback`.

> ### Example basic test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Custom Test Example
```

> An example for testing a CTA (call to action) button with different text would look like:

Reviewer: It's hard from the code example to see how this would be written or used from start to finish. I think it needs to be something easier to grok and more real-world so perhaps we can reuse the bulk of the code for the title test but apply it to a piece of post meta data, then follow that through showing the post meta being filtered and used in a template part on output.

```php
// feature.php

namespace Altis\Analytics\Experiments;

add_action( 'init', function() {

	// Register the test.
	register_post_ab_test( 'cta_button_text', [
		'rest_api_variants_type' => 'string',
		'goal' => 'click',
		'variant_callback' => function ( $variant_value, $post_id, $some_extra_args ) {
			return render_the_custom_cta_callback( $variant_value, $post_id, $some_extra_args );
		},
	] );

	// Apply the test by using `output_ab_test_html_for_post`.
	add_action( 'the_custom_cta', function () {
		$post_id = get_the_ID();

		return output_ab_test_html_for_post( 'cta_button_text', $post_id, $some_extra_args );

> 	}, 10, 5 );

Reviewer: This could be added outside of the `init` action, same in the example below.

} );
```

### Example test with a custom JS control

If the value of the variant is not strictly textual, a custom control might be needed to use within the Experiement Side Panel of the Editor, which will need to be registered in the following way:

```php
// feature.php

add_action( 'init', function() {

	// Register the test.
	register_post_ab_test( 'cta_button_style', [
		'rest_api_variants_type' => 'string',
		'goal' => 'click',
		'variant_callback' => function ( $variant_value, $post_id, $some_extra_args ) {
			return render_the_custom_cta_callback( $variant_value, $post_id, $some_extra_args );
		},
		'editor_scripts' => [
			'url/to/feature.js' => [
				'wp-blocks',
				'wp-i18n',
				'wp-plugins',
				'wp-editor',
				'wp-components',
				'wp-core-data',
				'wp-edit-post',

> 				'...',

Reviewer: I'd just leave this out, ideally it should be more or less directly copy/pastable code.

Author: I'll keep one entry only for the sake of demoing how it can be used.

			],
		],
	] );

	// Apply the test by using `output_ab_test_html_for_post`.
	add_action( 'the_custom_cta', function () {
		return output_ab_test_html_for_post( 'cta_button_style', get_the_ID(), $some_extra_args );
	}, 10, 5 );

} );
```

> To register a custom editor input, and override some of the test options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To register a custom editor input, and override some of the test options:
```

```js
// feature.js

> import { EditControl, PreviewControl } from 'some/custom/library';

Reviewer: I don't really understand this JS example and I'm not confident that I could use it to create my own custom test as it is. Can we use a more complete real-world example? Maybe take a pared down version of the title test implementation that changes the output of some post meta or custom field?
